VP8 simulcast support (#43)
twilio/react-native-twilio-video-webrtc: docs/README.md

Reviewer: Would be nice to fix this, all params are mandatory.

```suggestion
**VideoFormat**: `{width: number, height: number, frameRate: number}` - Video capture format configuration that can be passed in the `connect` method. When not specified, the SDK automatically selects the best available format from the camera. All three fields are mandatory. Note: On Android, frame rates lower than 15 fps will have no effect
```

| :--------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | connect                      | `{roomName: string, accessToken: string, region?: string, cameraType?: 'front' \| 'back', enableAudio?: boolean, enableVideo?: boolean, enableDataTrack?: boolean, enableRemoteAudio?: boolean, enableNetworkQualityReporting?: boolean, dominantSpeakerEnabled?: boolean, maintainVideoTrackInBackground?: boolean, encodingParameters?: {enableH264Codec?: boolean, enableSimulcast?: boolean}, receiveTranscriptions?: boolean, videoFormat?: {width: number, height: number, frameRate: number}}` | Connect to a Twilio Video room. Note: `enableSimulcast` only works with the H264 codec and is ignored `enableH264Codec` is true|

Reviewer: Sorry typo
```suggestion
| connect                      | `{roomName: string, accessToken: string, region?: string, cameraType?: 'front' \| 'back', enableAudio?: boolean, enableVideo?: boolean, enableDataTrack?: boolean, enableRemoteAudio?: boolean, enableNetworkQualityReporting?: boolean, dominantSpeakerEnabled?: boolean, maintainVideoTrackInBackground?: boolean, encodingParameters?: {enableH264Codec?: boolean, enableSimulcast?: boolean}, receiveTranscriptions?: boolean, videoFormat?: {width: number, height: number, frameRate: number}}` | Connect to a Twilio Video room. Note: `enableSimulcast` only works with the VP8 codec and is ignored if `enableH264Codec` is true |
```

> | connect                      | `{roomName: string, accessToken: string, region?: string, cameraType?: 'front' \| 'back', enableAudio?: boolean, enableVideo?: boolean, enableDataTrack?: boolean, enableRemoteAudio?: boolean, enableNetworkQualityReporting?: boolean, dominantSpeakerEnabled?: boolean, maintainVideoTrackInBackground?: boolean, encodingParameters?: {enableH264Codec?: boolean, enableSimulcast?: boolean}, receiveTranscriptions?: boolean, videoFormat?: {width: number, height: number, frameRate: number}}` | Connect to a Twilio Video room. `enableSimulcast` enables VP8 simulcast (ignored when `enableH264Codec` is true). (Specify all three fields when passing a custom format. Note: On Android, frame rates lower than 15 fps will have no effect.) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| connect                      | `{roomName: string, accessToken: string, region?: string, cameraType?: 'front' \| 'back', enableAudio?: boolean, enableVideo?: boolean, enableDataTrack?: boolean, enableRemoteAudio?: boolean, enableNetworkQualityReporting?: boolean, dominantSpeakerEnabled?: boolean, maintainVideoTrackInBackground?: boolean, encodingParameters?: {enableH264Codec?: boolean, enableSimulcast?: boolean}, receiveTranscriptions?: boolean, videoFormat?: {width: number, height: number, frameRate: number}}` | Connect to a Twilio Video room. Note: `enableSimulcast` only works with the H264 codec and is ignored `enableH264Codec` is true|
```

| Function                     | Parameters                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Description                                                                                                                                                   |
| :--------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | connect                      | `{roomName: string, accessToken: string, region?: string, cameraType?: 'front' \| 'back', enableAudio?: boolean, enableVideo?: boolean, enableDataTrack?: boolean, encodingParameters?: {enableH264Codec?: boolean, enableSimulcast?: boolean}, enableNetworkQualityReporting?: boolean, dominantSpeakerEnabled?: boolean, receiveTranscriptions?: boolean, videoFormat?: {width: number, height: number, frameRate: number}}` | Connect to a Twilio Video room. Note: `enableSimulcast` only works with the H264 codec and is ignored `enableH264Codec` is true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| connect                      | `{roomName: string, accessToken: string, region?: string, cameraType?: 'front' \| 'back', enableAudio?: boolean, enableVideo?: boolean, enableDataTrack?: boolean, encodingParameters?: {enableH264Codec?: boolean, enableSimulcast?: boolean}, enableNetworkQualityReporting?: boolean, dominantSpeakerEnabled?: boolean, receiveTranscriptions?: boolean, videoFormat?: {width: number, height: number, frameRate: number}}` | Connect to a Twilio Video room. Note: `enableSimulcast` only works with the VP8 codec and is ignored if `enableH264Codec` is true |
```

> | connect                      | `{roomName: string, accessToken: string, region?: string, cameraType?: 'front' \| 'back', enableAudio?: boolean, enableVideo?: boolean, enableDataTrack?: boolean, encodingParameters?: {enableH264Codec?: boolean, enableSimulcast?: boolean}, enableNetworkQualityReporting?: boolean, dominantSpeakerEnabled?: boolean, receiveTranscriptions?: boolean, videoFormat?: {width: number, height: number, frameRate: number}}` | Connect to a Twilio Video room. `enableSimulcast` enables VP8 simulcast (ignored when `enableH264Codec` is true). (Specify all three fields when passing a custom format. Note: On Android, frame rates lower than 15 fps will have no effect.) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| connect                      | `{roomName: string, accessToken: string, region?: string, cameraType?: 'front' \| 'back', enableAudio?: boolean, enableVideo?: boolean, enableDataTrack?: boolean, encodingParameters?: {enableH264Codec?: boolean, enableSimulcast?: boolean}, enableNetworkQualityReporting?: boolean, dominantSpeakerEnabled?: boolean, receiveTranscriptions?: boolean, videoFormat?: {width: number, height: number, frameRate: number}}` | Connect to a Twilio Video room. Note: `enableSimulcast` only works with the H264 codec and is ignored `enableH264Codec` is true |
```
